c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.exe.config
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form1.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Resources.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.pdb
C:\Users\HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form2.resources
D:\Kuliah\Praktikum\Praktikum PemVis\POSTTEST3\POSTTEST3\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.exe.config
D:\Kuliah\Praktikum\Praktikum PemVis\POSTTEST3\POSTTEST3\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.exe
D:\Kuliah\Praktikum\Praktikum PemVis\POSTTEST3\POSTTEST3\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.xml
D:\Kuliah\Praktikum\Praktikum PemVis\POSTTEST3\POSTTEST3\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.pdb
D:\Kuliah\Praktikum\Praktikum PemVis\POSTTEST3\POSTTEST3\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.exe
D:\Kuliah\Praktikum\Praktikum PemVis\POSTTEST3\POSTTEST3\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.pdb
D:\Kuliah\Praktikum\Praktikum PemVis\POSTTEST3\POSTTEST3\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.xml
D:\Kuliah\Praktikum\Praktikum PemVis\POSTTEST3\POSTTEST3\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form1.resources
D:\Kuliah\Praktikum\Praktikum PemVis\POSTTEST3\POSTTEST3\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form2.resources
D:\Kuliah\Praktikum\Praktikum PemVis\POSTTEST3\POSTTEST3\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Resources.resources
D:\Kuliah\Praktikum\Praktikum PemVis\POSTTEST3\POSTTEST3\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
